First, you know Caius Martius is chief enemy to the people. A voice from the back of the room:	Let us kill him. The others turn. Tamora, just entering, pulls off her coat, joins the others:
What would you have, you curs? He that trusts to you, Where he should find you lions, finds you	Some are even awed.  Others glare at him with loathing.  
These are almost thoroughly persuaded; For though abundantly they lack discretion, Yet are they passing cowardly.	They are dissolved. Hang 'em. Senator Menenius watches the crowd. Disturbed.
They are dissolved. Hang 'em. Senator Menenius watches the crowd. Disturbed.	I would they were abed.
There came news from him last night. Volumnia pounces, moving in:	Indeed?
. .  He glimpses a ghostly figure. . .  	His face splattered with gore.  His eyes wild.  Lost in something like rapture.  
His face splattered with gore.  His eyes wild.  Lost in something like rapture.  	Come I too late?! Come I too late?!
He's the devil.	Bolder, though not so subtle. A beat. Aufidius continues with prayer-like intensity:
Bolder, though not so subtle. A beat. Aufidius continues with prayer-like intensity:	He studies his own face, nurturing his dark thoughts.  
Was ever man so proud as is this Martius?	He has no equal.
Titus Lartius says they fought together, but Aufidius got off.	In truth, there's wondrous things spoke of him. Gods grant them true.
One in the neck, and two in the thigh - there's nine that I know.	He had, before this last expedition, twenty-five wounds upon him.
My gracious silence, hail. An awkwardly tender kiss. He notes her tears. Reacts coldly.	?  Ay, my dear, Such eyes the widows in Corioles wear, And mothers that lack sons 
?  Ay, my dear, Such eyes the widows in Corioles wear, And mothers that lack sons 	Now, the gods crown thee!
"Think upon me"? Hang 'em! I would they would forget me.	They are at the marketplace.  The moment has come.  Menenius takes a breath.  Urges calm: 
Guards, seize him!	No, I'll die here!
Let go!	You might have been enough the man you are, With striving less to be so!
You might have been enough the man you are, With striving less to be so!	Let them hang!
!  Your enemies, with nodding of their plumes, Fan you into despair !  Have the power 	To banish your defenders, till at length Your ignorance - which finds not till it feels,
Nay, mother, Where is your ancient courage?	Now the red pestilence strike all trades in Rome, And occupations perish!
I will fight Against my cankered country with the	Exposing his naked throat.  Bending back his head.  Ready for execution.  
His lieutenant watches him closely, disturbed by Aufidius' obsession with Coriolanus.  	So our virtues Lie in the interpretation of the time. He brings the picture closer, whispering now:
So our virtues Lie in the interpretation of the time. He brings the picture closer, whispering now:	One fire drives out one fire; one nail,
These eyes are not the same I wore in Rome.	The sorrow that delivers us thus changed Makes you think so.
But let it come. He stands, regains his composure. He slowly walks to Aufidius. He leans close, speaking intimately:	Now, good Aufidius, Were you in my stead, would you have 
How is it with our general?	As with a man by his own charity slain.
fall of either Makes the survivor heir of all.	A beat.  He continues more to himself than them, almost convincing himself.  
Men and lads, stain all your edges on me.  It is a dare.  A challenge.  	"Boy"? False hound. If you have writ your annals true, 'tis
"Boy"? False hound. If you have writ your annals true, 'tis	That, like an eagle in a dovecote, I Fluttered your Volscians in Corioles. His gaze burns into Aufidius:
