You wanted to see me, Capt'n?	You're gonna deliver two prisoners from the county jail to Nystrom Insane Asylum in Bakersfield.  
You're gonna deliver two prisoners from the county jail to Nystrom Insane Asylum in Bakersfield.  	This is bullshit. I'm a detective. You want an errand boy, call Jerry Lewis.
Jack Scagnetti. You wanted to see me?	The ladies of this city can get to sleep again, and they have you to thank.  
The ladies of this city can get to sleep again, and they have you to thank.  	Thank you, sir.
Thank you, sir.	Dewight McClusky of the California Prison Board. Take a seat please.
Dewight McClusky of the California Prison Board. Take a seat please.	I'm surprised Hollywood hasn't found you.  This would make a better movie than that 'Serpico' shit.  
I'm surprised Hollywood hasn't found you.  This would make a better movie than that 'Serpico' shit.  	I think you'll find that good reading as well. Mickey and Mallory's file. You familiar with them?
I think you'll find that good reading as well. Mickey and Mallory's file. You familiar with them?	Who isn't?
. .  Very good.  You do keep up with the headlines.  	No one wants those fuckin' assholes behind their walls, dealin' with 'em day in, day out.  
No one wants those fuckin' assholes behind their walls, dealin' with 'em day in, day out.  	I can appreciate that.
I can appreciate that.	And we're shippin' 'em to Nystrom Asylum for the criminally insane.  
And we're shippin' 'em to Nystrom Asylum for the criminally insane.  	Lobotomy Bay?
Lobotomy Bay?	You've heard of it?
You've heard of it?	So, how do I fit into this scheme?
So, how do I fit into this scheme?	The public loves you Jack...You don't mind if I call you Jack, do you?
The public loves you Jack...You don't mind if I call you Jack, do you?	By all means.
By all means.	You're a celebrated cop. Twenty-six years on the force, a best-seller out on paperback...
You're a celebrated cop. Twenty-six years on the force, a best-seller out on paperback...	A modern day Pat Garret. A hell bent lawman with a deadly axe to grind with maniacs.
A modern day Pat Garret. A hell bent lawman with a deadly axe to grind with maniacs.	. . Jack 'Supercop' Scagnetti would be there to look out for his public's best interests.  
. . Jack 'Supercop' Scagnetti would be there to look out for his public's best interests.  	I see.
Everybody knows who you are. You're famous.	I could say the same thing about you. I want to thank you very much for seeing me...
I could say the same thing about you. I want to thank you very much for seeing me...	You don't mind if I call you a serial killer, do you? 
You don't mind if I call you a serial killer, do you? 	The episode we did on Mickey and Mallory was one of our most popular ones.
The episode we did on Mickey and Mallory was one of our most popular ones.	Did you ever do one on Wayne Gacy?
Did you ever do one on Wayne Gacy?	Yes.
Yes.	Whose ratings were higher?
Whose ratings were higher?	Yours.
Yours.	How 'bout Ted Bundy? Ever do one on him?
How 'bout Ted Bundy? Ever do one on him?	Yes. Yours got the larger Nielson share.
However, this opinion isn't shared by the state's prosecutor on this case, Wanda Bisbing.	Judge Steinsma said that Mickey showed up very prepared and proved to be an excellent amateur attorney.
Meet Mickey Knox!	Realize I've been doin' time in a burger flippin' jail.  
No fuckin' way!	Mickey, you're wasting time!
Mickey, you're wasting time!	There ain't not fuckin' way in hell I'm leaving you.  And that's that !  
There ain't not fuckin' way in hell I'm leaving you.  And that's that !  	So please, please, for me, my handsome husband, run for your life.  
So please, please, for me, my handsome husband, run for your life.  	Mallory, my angel, if I could of left ya, I'd of left ya a long time ago.  
Mallory, my angel, if I could of left ya, I'd of left ya a long time ago.  	Well, hell, if you won't leave, give me a gun so I can go out shooting.
Well, hell, if you won't leave, give me a gun so I can go out shooting.	Sit tight. I'm gonna make it a little tougher for 'em.
Sit tight. I'm gonna make it a little tougher for 'em.	Time to get naked and boogie.
Time to get naked and boogie.	Mickey!
Mickey!	Yeah baby.
Yeah baby.	You made every day like kindergarten.
Grace...I hope you don't mind if I call you Grace...	Naw, she don't mind.
Did you get along?	Miss Mulberry?
Miss Mulberry?	More or less.
More or less.	More or less...
More or less...	What do you mean by that?
Am I correct on that point? 	Yes you are.
Yes you are.	What was the color of Tim's belt?
What was the color of Tim's belt?	The style of fighting that Tim studied didn't believe in belts.
The style of fighting that Tim studied didn't believe in belts.	Well then, Grace, could you tell us what form of martial arts it was that Tim was schooled in? 
Well then, Grace, could you tell us what form of martial arts it was that Tim was schooled in? 	Tim studied several styles, but his favorite was Jeet Kune Do.
Tim studied several styles, but his favorite was Jeet Kune Do.	Did you know that? 
Did you know that? 	Yes, I did. That's why Tim studied it. Because it was Bruce Lee's fighting style.
That's what Tim said.	Would you describe Tim that way, Grace? 
Would you describe Tim that way, Grace? 	Yes, I would.
Yes, I would.	Point of fact, weren't Tim's hands registered as lethal weapons?
Point of fact, weren't Tim's hands registered as lethal weapons?	Yes, they were.
Yes, they were.	Am I correct on that point? 
Am I correct on that point? 	Yes, you are.
Yes, you are.	Yet, in your testimony just now, you described that Tim...
We spoke with retired Judge Steinsma at his home in Baltimore, Maryland.	Was there any vengeance on your part with your unique sentence?
Was there any vengeance on your part with your unique sentence?	It hit 'em right where they lived.  Far more punishing than the death sentence.  
It hit 'em right where they lived.  Far more punishing than the death sentence.  	Would you please describe for our viewers what your sentence was?
Mickey and Mallory were deemed competent in a mental examination before their trial. I'm confused. What's changed?	And since their incarceration, they've killed one psychologist along with several guards and inmates.  
And since their incarceration, they've killed one psychologist along with several guards and inmates.  	So, I ask you again, Mr.  McClusky, what's changed? 
Who is we?	The prison board and the doctors who examined them.
The prison board and the doctors who examined them.	Were any of the doctors who made the first evaluation on the Knoxs mental state asked to re-examine them?
Were any of the doctors who made the first evaluation on the Knoxs mental state asked to re-examine them?	Using the same doctors is not common practice.
Using the same doctors is not common practice.	I take it by your answer it was a whole new team?
I take it by your answer it was a whole new team?	?  The state doesn't work like that 
?  The state doesn't work like that 	The two psychiatric opinions the board sought were those of Albert Rodriguez...
And whatever can't be assimilated has to be terminated.  	So, in your opinion Mickey and Mallory are not insane?
 Then cut to me talking about the two chicken shit psychiatrists and straight in Dr Reinghold laughing.  	Okay.
Here's the welcome wagon.	Hello, Mr. Gayle. I'm Phil Wurlitzer. We talked on the phone. It's a pleasure to meet you.
Hello, Mr. Gayle. I'm Phil Wurlitzer. We talked on the phone. It's a pleasure to meet you.	Same here. Let me introduce my crew. Scott...Roger...and Unruly Julie ...this is...I'm sorry. What's your title again?
Same here. Let me introduce my crew. Scott...Roger...and Unruly Julie ...this is...I'm sorry. What's your title again?	A County Jail.  Me and my deputies are who you'll be working with while you're here.  
A County Jail.  Me and my deputies are who you'll be working with while you're here.  	Julie come with me.  
They got cooks there servin' great food.  Swedish meatballs. . .  	How's everything coming, Mr. Gayle?
How's everything coming, Mr. Gayle?	Everything's coming along just fine. Phil, I wanted to know if I could have a small word with you.
Everything's coming along just fine. Phil, I wanted to know if I could have a small word with you.	By all means.
By all means.	You met the kids I have working for me? Great bunch, aren't they?
You met the kids I have working for me? Great bunch, aren't they?	Oh yes, indeed. Top flight.
Oh yes, indeed. Top flight.	Scott, genius cameraman, Roger, magician with sound. Unruly Julie, I could sooner do without my arm than Unruly Julie.
Scott, genius cameraman, Roger, magician with sound. Unruly Julie, I could sooner do without my arm than Unruly Julie.	Is that her real name?
Is that her real name?	Because of the craftsmanship, the expertise, and the artist's loving hand.  
Ya know, I was.	Really?
Oh, that 'Dukes of Hazzard' show, there was probably ninety-five people there, maybe more.	See what I mean? It's a funny business, isn't it?
See what I mean? It's a funny business, isn't it?	It sure is.
Well, just what the hell do you expect me to do?	Lose 'em.
Lose 'em.	Mr. Gayle, do you have the slightest idea how dangerous Knox is?
Don't recite the fact to me. I'm sure I know 'em better than you do.	If I were to take my men away, Mickey Knox would snap your neck like a twig.  
If I were to take my men away, Mickey Knox would snap your neck like a twig.  	(pause) But seriously, Phil, look at this.  
She broke my fucking nose! That bitch broke my nose!	She broke my nose.
She broke my nose.	I'll fix it.
I'll fix it.	Hold her, boys.
How come you never talk?	She was born without a tongue.
So, Mickey, tell us what you do for fun.	Aside from the obvious?
Aside from the obvious?	Yes. Aside from the obvious.
?  Do you want to know what I do for fun or what I did for fun? 	What? Oh, aaahhh, what you did for fun for starters.
What? Oh, aaahhh, what you did for fun for starters.	In fact, why don't we come back to that question.  Ask me something else.  
In fact, why don't we come back to that question.  Ask me something else.  	Do you miss Mallory?
Do you miss Mallory?	She's my wife.  I haven't seen her in a long time.  What a stupid question.  
She's my wife.  I haven't seen her in a long time.  What a stupid question.  	Then was it worth it?
Then was it worth it?	Was what worth it?
Was what worth it?	Was massacring all those people worth being separated from your wife for the rest of your life?
Was massacring all those people worth being separated from your wife for the rest of your life?	Do you think up these questions or the girl with no tongue?
Do you think up these questions or the girl with no tongue?	?  You haven't seen, heard, or smelled Mallory in a year Was it worth it? 
?  You haven't seen, heard, or smelled Mallory in a year Was it worth it? 	Was an instant of purity worth a lifetime lie? Yeah, it was.
Was an instant of purity worth a lifetime lie? Yeah, it was.	?  What was the instant of purity ?  The bodies you left behind on your bloody trail? 
?  What was the instant of purity ?  The bodies you left behind on your bloody trail? 	But it's only the chorus, it's not the whole song.  
I don't understand.  What's so pure about forty-eight dead bodies? 	 and you. . . you're somewhere else, man.  You say why ?  I say why not? 
 and you. . . you're somewhere else, man.  You say why ?  I say why not? 	Tell me about the purity.
Tell me about the purity.	Donuts and a smoke only get you so far.  You're gonna have to do your job.  
Donuts and a smoke only get you so far.  You're gonna have to do your job.  	Okay...okay...I'll buy that. We'll move on and come back later.
Okay...okay...I'll buy that. We'll move on and come back later.	I'm sure we will.
I'm sure we will.	Describe Mallory.
Describe Mallory.	Describe Mallory? Okay. She's pretty, she's got blonde hair, two eyes, two feet, two hands, ten fingers...
Describe Mallory? Okay. She's pretty, she's got blonde hair, two eyes, two feet, two hands, ten fingers...	Describe Mallory.  What's up here ?  (points at his heart) What's in here? 
Describe Mallory.  What's up here ?  (points at his heart) What's in here? 	That's indescribable.
That's indescribable.	Well, riddle me this, Batman. How do you feel about the fact that you're never gonna see Mallory again?
Well, riddle me this, Batman. How do you feel about the fact that you're never gonna see Mallory again?	Says who?
Says who?	Says the United States of America.
Says the United States of America.	When have they ever been right?
You guys wanna hear a joke I heard?	Sure.
Sure.	And Little Johnny's teenage sister asks her mother if she can go out on a date.  
And Little Johnny's teenage sister asks her mother if she can go out on a date.  	The mother gets Little Johnny and says, 'Okay, what happened ?  Where did ya go?' 
The mother gets Little Johnny and says, 'Okay, what happened ?  Where did ya go?' 	Mother says, 'The drive-in movie. What did they do?'
Mother says, 'The drive-in movie. What did they do?'	'They kissed. What else?'
'They kissed. What else?'	'He felt her up? What else?'
'He felt her up? What else?'	'They took off their clothes? What else?'
 I like the rest, but the best part I like is Whataleeatcha, whataleeatcha dodaleedo, dodaleedo, do quack, quack 	Honey, I'm home.
On average forty million.	'Every week by forty million people. I am a respected journalist.' Have you won any awards?
Just save your breath, Wayne. We hate you. If anybody in the fuckin' world deserves to die, it's you.	Wait! You can't kill me. Mickey and Mallory always leave somebody alive to tell the tale.
Wait! You can't kill me. Mickey and Mallory always leave somebody alive to tell the tale.	We are. Your camera.
